Update pull_request_template.md (#357)
inbo/tutorials: .github/pull_request_template.md

<!-- Please check if the following steps are OK:-->

- [ ] My tutorial or article is placed in a subfolder of `tutorials/content/`
- [ ] The novel tutorial has a meaningful name, in relation to the content of the tutorial.
- [ ] The filename of my tutorial or article is `index.md`. In case of an Rmarkdown tutorial I have knitted my `index.Rmd` to `index.md` (both files are pushed to the repo). 
- `yaml` header:
    - [ ] *(recommended)* I am included as author in the `authors` yaml tag, using `[MY_AUTHOR_ID]`. An author information file exists in `<tutorials>/data/authors/<author>.toml`.
    - [ ] I have added `categories` to the YAML header and my category tags are from the [list of category tags](https://github.com/inbo/tutorials/blob/master/static/list_of_categories)

>     - [ ] *(optional)* I have included `tags` in the YAML header (see the tags listed in the [tutorials website side bar](https://inbo.github.io/tutorials/) for tags that have been used before)

Author: Have tags not always been added in the past? (I'm wondering why you added 'optional')

Reviewer: As I understood it, "tags" enhance visibility of an article/tutorial because they add to the word cloud and cluster in categories. They are technically optional (i.e. tutorial will render without tags), but in fact we encourage their use.
I slightly re-worded (push follows). Feel free to adjust!

### Instructions to preview the updated website

1) On the PR page, you can find a "details" link under "checks - On PR, build the site and ...". Go there, click on the top link in the left sidebar ("Summary"), and download the generated artifact at the bottom of the page.
2) Decompress it into a target directory, e.g. `Downloads/tutorials_preview`.

> 3) To preview the website, use a program which can serve `http` sites on your local machine. One such option is [the `servr` package](https://github.com/yihui/servr) in R: `& '\C:\Program Files\R\R-4.4.2\bin\Rscript.exe' -e "servr::httd('./tutorials_preview')" -p8887` (*make sure to adjust the path to your `Rscript.exe`*).

Author: Could it be that a space is needed?

```suggestion
3) To preview the website, use a program which can serve `http` sites on your local machine. One such option is [the `servr` package](https://github.com/yihui/servr) in R: `& '\C:\Program Files\R\R-4.4.2\bin\Rscript.exe' -e "servr::httd('./tutorials_preview')" -p 8887` (*make sure to adjust the path to your `Rscript.exe`*).
```

Author: Also, the Linux sibling of the command is welcome.

Reviewer: On linux, it should just be `Rscript -e `... works on my arch and on rocker/r-base. I have added this information.

No, for some weird reason, `-p 8887` with the space does not work (serves on a random port); I guess this is R args emulating proper arg pairs.
